Update README.md (#1050)
hmcts/pre-shared-infrastructure: README.md

  - Click on 'Run'
- The resource locks will re-enable themselves within 3 hours.

## tooling script import for Demo remains in code

> This PR remains in code to prevent a repeating issue with demo needing a Terraform import of the tooling script into the Edit VM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The code in [PR 1049](https://github.com/hmcts/pre-shared-infrastructure/pull/1049) was merged to prevent a repeating issue with demo needing a Terraform import of the tooling script into the Edit VM.
```

Reviewer: (I got confused because I thought you were referring to an open PR)
